[doc] PyPI release procedure (#1617)
cvxpy/cvxpy: PROCEDURES.md

## Deploying a release to PyPI

> Releases to PyPI are automatically triggered for every tagged commit.

Author: ```suggestion
Deployments to PyPI are automatically triggered for every tagged commit of the release process described above.
```
